THE ORIGIN OF ALL BEGINNINGS
This is my uncle's.
It's also a token
between Your Majesty and him.
He held it
in his hand until he died.
If there's truth behind this,
Your Majesty, please investigate it!
Mei Sun,
I still remember that
during our school days,
the imperial teacher
was so strict with me…
YOUNG EMPEROR, YOUNG DUKE OF DING
…while you had all the freedom.
There was one time
when I told you to secretly
take me out of the palace.
My father was furious and
you were imprisoned for several days.
You were always
very protective of me back then.
Back then, the ideas were yours
while I handled the punishments.
Time passed in the blink of an eye.
Your Majesty, you're
the leader of the country now.
It is my duty to serve
the country and the emperor.
Mei Sun.
I am lucky to have you.
Look over there!
Once we get the northern land,
you and I will go there
to watch the sunrise.
But we've not appeased
the pirates in the southeast yet.
I don't have time for the north.
But if I take over the north,
even if you don't fear me
overshadowing your achievements,
I'm afraid you will
say that I deceive you.
Stop doing this.
When we were in the Eastern Palace,
the imperial teacher used this ruler
to teach me how to be an emperor.
Now that the imperial teacher
has passed away,
if I do something foolish in the future,
I have to rely on you to beat me.
Jiang Mei Sun!
Yes, Your Majesty.
You're exempted from the death sentence,
you're allowed to carry a sword around me,
and you need not bow to me.
We're not masters and servants,
so you're not going to
deceive the emperor.
So, Your Majesty, if you make mistakes,
I will not be merciful.
My uncle said
his biggest wish in life
was to defeat the pirates
as soon as possible
and return to the capital
to have a nice chat with Your Majesty.
He has been saying this for 15 years.
It has never changed.
But Your Majesty,
when did your mind start to change?
Or should I say that the emperor
doesn't trust anyone?
How dare you!
Your Majesty.
GRAND HIGH MYSTIC HALL
Investigate this.
Find out who punished him.
Find out who harmed Mei Sun.
Your Majesty.
Don't let anyone go!
Your Majesty!
Hurry up! Your Majesty!
Tell Mr. Lu to come now!
Your Majesty!
Arrest this treacherous
and unscrupulous man!
Yes!
ADAPTED FROM THE NOVEL BLOSSOM
BY AUTHOR ZIZI FROM QIDIAN CHINESE WEBSITE
Mother!
Bring it here.
How is she?
-You may go.
-Go now.
Go.
I went to see those higher officials.
Fortunately, His Majesty is awake.
Otherwise, our family
wouldn't be here now.
What about the imperial court?
What did the Grand Secretariat say?
I can bear with it.
All right.
Don't be angry.
Some plead for mercy
for the Duke of Ding and Yan Tang.
But some mentioned that
although the Duke of Ding is dead,
his army is still around.
Yan Tang has become
the heart of the Duke of Ding's Army.
He even dared to break into
the palace to rebuke His Majesty.
What if he hates the imperial court
and starts an army to cause chaos?
They said if they remove the roots,
they'll be in big trouble.
Fortunately, even though
His Majesty is awake,
he never mentioned Yan Tang's conviction.
We can only bet on
His Majesty's thoughts then.
Candied fruit.
Here.
Why isn't the new prescription working?
Servants!
Prepare Mrs. Song's medicine again!
Those at Futing know
the news of the Grand General's death now.
If something happens to Mr. Song,
the army will be in turmoil.
Dou Shi Shu and his men have
impeached Mr. Song for several days.
If anything happens to Mr. Song,
I'm going to bury all the Dous!
General Yan,
we shouldn't be staying here now.
Come with me to the capital.
Let's bring our brothers
from the Duke of Ding's Army.
Even if we have to break into the prison,
we can save Mr. Song.
Mr. Song has not been convicted.
If you do so,
you're rebelling.
If you manage to save him,
hundreds of lives from
the Jiang and Song families
will be lost.
Mr. Song is imprisoned
because of your words!
How dare you stop us!
PICTURESQUE
He broke into the palace, scolded
the emperor and broke the imperial bow.
According to the law,
he should be sentenced to death.
However, the emperor hasn't convicted him.
The Grand Secretariat has been
deliberating for days with no results.
General Yan, what do you think?
His Majesty knows that
the Grand General died unjustly.
He's using this opportunity,
accusing Mr. Song,
to find out the officials' stance on this.
This is one of them.
As long as the emperor feels guilty
and with the continuous exchange
from the officials,
the chief of the Grand Secretariat
and Wang Xing Yi will deal with it.
What about the second reason?
No matter how much
the emperor thinks of the Duke of Ding,
the duke is dead and can't be resurrected.
But Song Mo, who is alive,
is the variable.
If you save him from the prison,
then you're turning the loyal
and handsome young general
in His Majesty's heart
into a rebellious official full of hate.
His Majesty has sent someone
from the Directorate of Ceremonial
to Futing to investigate
the death of the Duke of Ding.
Not even Mr. Gu knows of this.
How did you know about this?
You've been here for several days.
You should know that
my business isn't just in Futing.
There are also regular customers
who are senior officials in the capital.
I have ways to find out the news.
Of course, I hope that you will help us.
How about this?
Let's make a deal.
Come with us to the capital
to rescue Mr. Song.
If Mr. Song is released safely,
we will return Chen Qu Shui to you.
Otherwise, Mr. Chen
will leave this world with me.
I won't be alone then.
No! This is too dangerous.
Yes, it is dangerous.
Young Lady Zhao
values friendship and justice.
She won't let Chen Qu Shui to die with us.
We're allies.
It is my honor to save Mr. Song.
But General Yan,
you actually threatened me.
That's a different story then.
I am a brutish warrior.
My words and actions are harsh.
Young Lady Zhao, since we're allies,
please save Mr. Song.
Young Lady Zhao, please save Mr. Song!
Mr. Yan, your request is granted.
ZHAOWEN BOOKSTORE
My lady, he threatened you with Mr. Chen.
He's not being a gentleman.
Besides, this is so risky.
Well, I don't want Mr. Song to die either.
STORE OWNER OF ZHAOWEN BOOKSTORE
-My lady.
-Mr. Zhao.
I came without notice.
I've prepared everything that's needed.
But there are things we must wait for.
-We'll get them in a day or two.
-It's just a few bookstores.
But they make it look like
they can get all the news.
General Yan,
this is about Mr. Song's life.
General Yan, please.
These will be delivered
to the Directorate of Ceremonial.
The profit is small,
but the quantity is large.
The most profitable one
is the waste papers.
My lady, that was a good idea.
We went to the residences
in the capital to collect waste paper.
After rolling and pounding them,
we turn them into
toilet paper and sell them.
For better quality,
we'll add lime and essential oils
and send it to the Paper-Making Bureau
in the palace.
PERMIT FOR BORDER PASSAGE
In this way, the news from the palace,
harem, the ministries and bureaus,
whether large or small stores,
is connected to a network.
It turns out you have been producing paper
for the entire town.
These are not the keys to the matter.
General Yan, please come with me.
The green vine paper?
It's just an ordinary paper.
Today, only the emperor and the Grand
Secretariat use the green vine paper.
It's to write the scriptures
for prayer sessions.
Your business actually
includes the imperial court.
Well, I'm running a business.
The most important thing
is to treat each other with sincerity.
Only when we know our ability
can we talk about trust.
Several imperial physicians
who treated His Majesty
went home last night.
His Majesty is fine.
The officials and the Grand Secretariat
have been discussing for days.
But His Majesty has yet to
issue an order to convict.
If I could get a hint of
His Majesty's action at this moment,
that would be good.
So you want us to wait
and ignore Mr. Song.
You've been following Mr. Song
for more than ten years.
He is not one
to sit still and wait for death,
or to lack strategy.
Before he broke into the palace,
he must have figured out
a way to break the situation.
In my opinion,
His Majesty,
who fell ill and is recovering,
hasn't convicted Song Mo.
This shows that His Majesty
is reluctant to kill him.
There will be news
from the palace within three days.
So please wait for another three days.
That's the imperial prison.
Those who killed the Grand General
will definitely find ways
to make Mr. Song die in prison.
I've thought of a way
and told Su Lan to do it.
Just wait patiently.
IMPERIAL PRISON
All right.
You're committing a capital crime.
From the officials' point of view,
uncle and nephew are of the same mind.
It's hard to escape
the suspicion of treason.
General Song, just write a confession.
Go soft with His Majesty
and admit your mistake.
At least you can beg for mercy.
Am I right?
Humans have 720 acupoints
and 78 joints.
He doesn't even know
where it hurts the most.
Eunuch Wang,
do you want me to teach your man?
All right.
It seems that
it is useless for me to talk more.
I guess we need something serious.
This is not a big deal.
Why should I be imprisoned?
Eunuch Wang, you're punishing him.
Sorry to bother you.
Please continue.
I'll just watch. Don't bother me.
Mr. Gu, you're…
Look at this.
The Court of Judicial Review
just approved this.
They want to imprison me.
There's nothing I can do.
Song Mo rebelled.
No doubt he'll be sentenced to death.
Do you want to die with him too?
I'm happy to.
You won't let me go to jail?
You don't even follow the rules now.
All right, let's talk about it
in front of my aunt.
As long as you're happy with it.
Open the door!
How dare those servants beat you hard?
Fortunately, I brought medicine with me.
Where's the medicine? Bring it in!
His Majesty…
How is he?
He was conscious the day before yesterday.
But he needs more rest.
I wanted to see His Majesty.
But I was kicked out by my aunt.
Mr. Wu and the others went too,
but they didn't get to see His Majesty.
Even the Crown Prince who went
to take care of him was scolded.
How did you get in?
It was easy.
I found someone who didn't look good
and beat him up.
Which scoundrel beat me?
Me.
You're out of your mind.
You're not as clear-minded
as that female teacher of yours.
A female teacher?
Are you referring to Young Lady Zhao?
Did she tell you to come?
That's right.
Otherwise, I wouldn't be here.
I wander around
the Qianqing Palace like a headless fly.
My aunt avoids me and refuses to see me.
Aunt Min, Song Mo
didn't intend to be disrespectful.
He was just being filial.
-Please spare him, Aunt Min.
-Take him away.
Aunt Min! I promise he won't
do it again! Aunt Min!
Fortunately, a eunuch
from the Paper-Making Bureau
passed me a pouch.
He said it was given to me
by a girl from a bookstore.
When I saw it,
I knew who came up with this idea.
It's your female teacher.
She told you to go to the Court of
Judicial Review to get the document
so that you'll be imprisoned.
That's right.
If I'm here,
no one has the guts to hurt you.
Look. She is such a top embroiderer.
How dare she send the pouch out?
That's a very nice embroidery.
Tell me. What is this?
She's mocking me.
Most of the officials from
the imperial court want you dead.
But she told the eunuch from
the Paper-Making Bureau to deliver this.
She was risking her life.
She helped you to this extent.
She must be chivalrous.
ZHAOWEN BOOKSTORE
Eunuch.
This…
Keep it.
Never do this again.
His Majesty has only met
Mr. Wu and a few officials
from the Grand Secretariat
in the past two days.
At other times, besides immersing
himself in writing the scriptures,
He stares at the ruler
and looks absent-minded.
As for the rest, it's hard for me to tell.
Thank you so much.
You're welcome.
My lady.
The enemy is in the dark.
We can't wait any longer.
I've got my men in ambush around
the Criminal Investigation Service.
Fireworks as the signal, at 11 p.m.
General Yan,
please wait one more day.
We've been waiting for three days.
Do we still have to wait?
Could it be that your idea is to delay us?
The tide has turned.
It's a desperate situation now.
We can't wait any longer.
We must save Mr. Song.
You're sending Mr. Song to hell.
-You fool!
-What did you say?
I'm saying you're foolish!
-You…
-Enough.
Since you want to save Mr. Song,
I'll show you something then.
Don't move!
Dou Zhao! What are you doing?
I'm tired. I don't want to
speak to you again.
Lock them up in the coal house.
-You…
-Dou Zhao!
I'm sorry, guys.
Move!
-Hurry up!
-Go!
You're in charge of the Ministry of Rites.
You should be in the Grand Secretariat.
But Mr. Wu thinks that
you're still inexperienced.
After all, the Grand Secretariat
is headed by him.
Be considerate, all right?
I have not done any merits,
so it's hard to convince people.
Mr. Wu is wise.
What he said is true.
Princess Shude said
you're a brilliant man
with a lot of talent.
I will definitely use your service.
For example, at this juncture,
Song Mo is imprisoned
and awaiting conviction.
All the ministries,
including your disciples,
send the memorials every day
to ask that Song be punished.
What do you think?
Song Mo is a good general.
He's conducted military exploits.
Among the younger generation,
no one can match him.
If this pillar of
the imperial court is killed,
it will disappoint the army.
But the Duke of Ding's Army
has been stationed in Futing
for a long time.
They're not bound by the imperial court
and used to having it their way.
They also left the military camp
without an edict
and even came to the capital.
I'm trying to say that
even though
Song Mo was being disrespectful,
he might have been instigated
by his subordinates.
To get rid of him is dangerous.
Let's punish him lightly for now.
You'll handle this.
Yes, Your Majesty.
"Below is the edict from the emperor."
"On this beautiful day,
the reigning title
will be changed to Fengming."
"A special amnesty is granted
to Song Mo,
the eldest son of the Duke of Ying,
and the Count of Yunyang, Gu Yu."
"Song Mo's positions
in the army will be removed."
"I hope you have reflected
on your mistakes."
"That is all."
Eunuch Wang, why is it a special amnesty?
Mr. Gu, you don't know
about it yet, right?
Today, there was a prayer session.
His Majesty has changed
the reigning title to Fengming
and granted amnesty to everyone,
hence the special amnesty.
What about the grievances
of the Duke of Ding
and the lives of the Jiang clan?
The Jiang clan
is exempted from the death penalty
and demoted to common people.
Men will be exiled to Tieling Militia Unit
while women and children
will be sent to their homelands.
His Majesty is being benevolent.
Mr. Song, go home and recuperate.
You're granted amnesty.
I guess your parents
will come and pick you up.
Mr. Song.
DUKE OF YING'S OLD BUTLER, LU ZHENG
It is inconvenient
for the Duke of Ying to come.
Mr. Song, please return home quickly.
Tell my parents
that I'll go back on my own.
Yes.
I've become a disgrace
to the Duke of Ying.
I should keep a low profile.
This is General Yan's secret code.
This secret code almost
sent you to the underworld.
But consider this as the fireworks
to celebrate your release.
Where is she?
Mr. Song, this way, please.
How did you know
I would be pardoned and released?
News from the Paper-Making Bureau.
His Majesty wrote
the scriptures day and night
and prayed all the time.
He also put the half of the ruler
in front of his desk.
It showed that His Majesty's repentance
overrode his suspicion
about the death of the Duke of Ding.
So he won't kill you.
But why today?
That's because today is
the seventh day after my uncle's death.
Dou Shi Shu and his disciples
impeached every day.
But you used this pouch
and told Gu Yu to protect me.
Why is that?
This is my deal with Mr. Yan.
Since you're safe,
please close the deal as soon as possible.
I've ordered someone
to release Mr. Yan and the others.
I hope you will keep your promise
and return Mr. Chen to me.
Just because of this,
you went against your uncle?
The same fireworks have various colors.
He and I are different.
Thank you.
What did you say?
I didn't hear clearly.
I said…
Thank you.
The fireworks are too loud.
I still can't hear clearly.
Please tell me one more time.
I heard clearly.
-He said he likes you.
-Shut up!
He heard it wrong.
Yes, I heard it wrong.
He said he wants to marry you!
Shut up! Don't talk nonsense!
I'll go home and wait for your good news.
I can't thank you enough
for your kindness.
I will host a banquet at
Guanghe Restaurant the night after.
I hope you will be there.
I'll return Mr. Chen to you on that day.
Mr. Song!
-Mr. Song!
You… What's wrong with you?
Well, we were worried about you.
We wanted to break into
the prison and save you.
But Young Lady Zhao persuaded us not to.
-Did she persuade us?
-Shut up!
That was my strategy.
I was betting that His Majesty
felt guilty towards the Duke of Ding
and punished the Jiang clan lightly.
Even she could see this through.
Can't you see it?
Yes.
We were reckless.
I'm going back to the camp
to get beaten 20 times.
-Me too.
You were reckless out of concern for me.
Forget it.
No, I should be punished.
Wash your face before going!
It's getting late.
Young Master Han, please go inside.
Mo, look at the wild deer I got for you.
The deer antler is just right for you.
How's Mother's illness?
Father is taking care of her.
You didn't want to be implicated.
But don't forget that
I'm also one of the Jiangs.
I didn't flatter or insult anyone.
It's very lucky that Yan Tang
could survive to this day.
Do you know that many people
are watching this now?
How could you ignore
the safety of the Songs for the Jiangs?
Mo.
Do you want me
to sever ties with the Jiangs?
Give it to me.
I didn't mean that.
It's just that the situation
is not clear now.
We should be careful
with our words and actions.
Come in!
Father, Mother.
I was reckless.
I made you worry about me.
You must change
your insolent and arrogant behavior!
You made your mother anxious.
She hasn't had a peaceful sleep.
Mother.
Mo.
You look haggard.
You…
This…
Let me take a look.
The Jingyi Guards
are cruel.
It's just a show.
Who dares to really hurt me?
I shouldn't have made you worry about me.
But when I looked at Uncle,
that was the only thing I could do.
Mother.
You just came home,
so I shouldn't tell you this.
But I think
it's time for you to
find someone to care for you.
Could it be that
you have someone you like?
Great!
Mother, here.
Tell me what's on your mind.
Is that special someone
Young Lady Zhao?
My lady, you treat Mr. Chen well.
You took such a huge risk
just to get him back.
Not just for Mr. Chen.
Be it Song Mo or the Duke of Ding,
they were treated unfairly.
I wouldn't have meddled in this
had I not known about it.
But since I knew about it,
I couldn't ignore it.
Mother, what were you thinking?
It must be Lu Zheng and Lu Ming
who told you the nonsense.
They were right though.
Young Lady Zhao was willing
to find ways to help you.
She must be a good girl
who understands justice.
It's a pity that
she was born into the Dou family.
She may be taken advantage
by her fifth uncle.
Did you say Uncle Shi Shu
didn't get into the Grand Secretariat
and the chief is still Mr. Wu?
But based on the Record of Truths,
in this year,
Mr. Wu fell ill and resigned.
LOYAL AND VIRTUOUS MINISTER
So Uncle Shi Shu
got into the Grand Secretariat
and gradually came to power.
DOU SHI SHU, CLOUD-CLIMBING TRAVELER
The emperor changed
the reign title to Fengming.
This is something
that's not in the Record of Truths.
Could it be that my suggestions
have changed the direction of this?
Does that mean whatever is going to happen
is unpredictable then?
There's another matter.
It's about Young Master Wu.
What happened to the Wu family?
To cut off contact with the Dou family
and stabilize the Wu family,
Old Mr. Wu wants De Zhen to marry
the sixth lady of the Liang family.
This time, De Zhen has fallen in love.
He only has Young Lady Zhao in his mind.
He doesn't want to marry Liang.
Even if I have no chance to be
with Young Lady Zhao in this life,
I will only love her.
I will not love anyone else.
I can't go against my will
by marrying someone else.
If we don't prune or cut it,
the plant will eventually grow crooked.
If you didn't want to,
would the sky not fall?
If I didn't want to,
PURE AS MOON, FRESH AS PINE WIND
would Mei Sun revive?
Everything else can be discussed,
except this.
You don't have a choice.
De Zhen's father died early.
He has always been filial
to his grandfather.
Why would he…
Looks like he's really fond of her.
The Dou family
is greedy for power and profit.
Is the marriage about love?
De Zhen has a high fever
after getting wet.
He refused to seek treatment.
If something happens to him,
Old Mr. Wu can't bear it.
Dou Shi Shu got what he wanted.
De Zhen and Old Mr. Wu are stubborn.
I will find a way to be the peacemaker.
Mother, take your medicine.
Godfather, I know I made mistakes.
Learn from Mr. Dou.
He observed His Majesty.
He sought benefits
and avoided disadvantages.
-This is the real skill.
-You're right.
Do you think you'll become great
after forcing Song Mo to confess?
Have you ever thought about
what is His Majesty is thinking?
Or the Grand Secretariat's stance?
Whether he is guilty or not,
is it something we can decide?
I understand.
The Jiying Guards have started
the investigation at Futing.
I should go there now.
Before we find any clues
about the Duke of Ding's case,
do not act rashly.
Yes.
Sir, may I know why are you here?
To issue an imperial edict.
For the past few days,
we have had incidents in which
Mr. Wu refuted His Majesty's granting
Mr. Dou to join the Grand Secretariat
ELEGANT AND BEAUTIFUL
and Young Master Wu
refused to get married.
Everyone in the capital knows that
the Wu family and the Dou family
have become enemies.
The lung abscess occurs when a lung
is attacked during cold weather.
De Zhen was caught in the rain
and refused medical treatment.
By the way, has Physician Li
returned to the capital?
He's on his way.
He will likely arrive at night.
All right.
Have you prepared the gifts
based on the list I gave you?
Yes.
But Chen Qu Shui has been staying
in Yizhi Hall for a long time.
I guess he knows everything here.
I don't think it's inappropriate
to release him just like that.
Well, we're not just allies.
She saved my life too.
Since we made a promise,
we can't break it.
Indeed a promise is important.
But I felt that
Young Lady Zhao and Dou Shi Shu
were cooperating.
No sooner had something good happened
than trouble came.
I'm afraid that your ally
can't guard against villains.
Grandpa, stop pressuring me.
Pine and cypress
will grow naturally.
But to beautify them,
you twist the branches
and don't hesitate to
change their growth direction.
Grandpa,
do you treat me as a plant too?
You wanted to train with others,
so I allowed it.
You love woodcrafting,
and I pretended not to know about this.
When the family was stable
and you were willful,
I could still protect you.
But things are different now.
New officials are rising
and I'm surrounded by enemies.
If I'm…
If I'm no longer around,
who will protect you?
Who will protect the Wu family?
You're forcing me!
If you don't like Ms. Liang,
I have several candidates
from other families.
You can choose any.
Except for the daughters
of the Dou family.
Even if you seek death,
I will not agree to it.
This is Physician Li
who is here to treat Young Master Wu.
Please come with me. This way, please.
WU'S RESIDENCE
I'm sorry. Please wait for a while.
She'll be back soon.
The floor is cold.
Grandpa.
Do you think
I refused treatment
because I wanted to force you
to let me marry Young Lady Zhao?
She doesn't love me at all.
I just don't want to accept the fact that
I should get married
to stabilize the family.
I don't want to lie to myself
and hurt others!
I just want to break free
from this prison.
I just want to live my life
without going against my will.
Can't I do that?
Do you take me
for a warden?
Can't you see that I protect you
from the wind and rain every day?
Do you think everything will go well
when you do woodcrafting?
Young Lady Zhao,
can I see you for the fifth time?
Even if you don't change your mind,
I'll still be happy about it.
You lied to me to gain my trust.
You informed
your fifth uncle of the information.
Shouldn't I doubt you?
NO ANIMALS WERE HARMED
DURING THE MAKING OF THIS FILM.
MEDICAL ACTS AND DRUGS IN THIS DRAMA ARE
FICTIONAL. DO NOT IMITATE.